Hi, guys, and this lesson, we're going to practice a bit of what we've learned and we're going to
set up a simple Q service cue that triggers a lambda function so that when we add messages to the Q
and we're going to do it manually, the Lambda function is triggered and we're seeing flowerpots logs
that an event is written to cloud watch logs.
So let's head out to the console and build this out.
So I'm here in the console and what I can do is go to my stand.
Q Q Actions and configure trigger for Lambda function.
Now, we don't have any functions at the moment, so I'm going to create a new function.
I'm going to call this my excuse.
Trigger.
And we're going to leave that on notice and it's going to create a new role or we can go down and actually
mentally choose LAMDA basic execution role.
Now, we will need more privileges than this.
So let's choose Krait function.
And now we have our function created, so if at this point you come back here, refresh, find your
function and then try to save, it's going to tell you you don't have permissions to call the receive
message on us.
So this shows you that Lambda is using the receive message API to actually try and find messages in
your queue and it's unable to do that.
So let's go back and we're going to scroll down to where our role is.
Choose the roll.
This takes us over to Iame and under permissions.
I'm going to choose a tax policy.
And if you just ask us.
You should get some results and you've got the excuse lamda execution row here, and if you look at
the chase on this allows us to receive message, delete message, get key attributes, and then you
can also create those little groups and streams and put a log event into cloud watch logs.
So that's everything we need.
Will select that and attach the policy.
And now if we head back to us and let's try and configure our trigger again.
And it fills out in the end, and that's just to save.
And so that's done.
Let's click, OK?
And now we want to send a message to the queue, so let's just put test message in the body and then
click send message and close.
And if we head back over to Lamda now and we head over to monitoring Tewes view logs in cloud watch
logs, and let's try refreshing there and not just needed a refresh.
And then I've found that it actually put these log entries in here.
So we've now got a couple of entries.
And if we go back over to us and let's put another message in the queue and send a message.
Then quite quickly, we should find that we have a new response coming into the queue, so that's just
a quick example of how you can configure LAMDA so that it is checking your queue for messages and then
processing those messages.
And if we just go back to LAMDA, we'll see on the configuration page and you probably need to refresh
this.
You should then see that you have a trigger here.
So excuse is a trigger for us.
LAMDA So that's it for this lesson.
And I am going to clean up because I don't need these queues anymore.
We will create another queue in a couple of lessons time when we're looking at S.A.S., but for now
we can just delete all of these queues and then you can go back as well, if you like, and delete your
function.